# visualisation-coursework
Coursework for Prog1920 with Steven Bradley

# General Info

* Find attributions for the original code and the dataset in attributions.md
* On my machine (the greatest defense known to programmers) ESLint produces only no-unused-vars and no-undefined errors for the class not being used and d3 not being defined. These errors are unavoidable with how I've implemented it and have no impact on functionality.
* Documentation can be found in /doc/index.html
* The example visualisation can be found in index.html
* The dataset used can be found in popdat.csv
* The images used for flags are in /img

# Using the Example

* The example visualisation should automatically load after opening index.html. The dataset is loaded from a GitHub gist so if GitHub changes the url then it won't work. That hasn't happened since I switched from my repo to gist, but if it does, email me at jsbl33@durham.ac.uk and I'll probably scream at my computer and then sort it out.
* The example features a basic page with a title and the prerequisites for using the class. Everything else is generated by the class in vis.js
* The user can control the visualisation by using the slider (at the bottom of the page) to change the year within the range of the dataset. Additionally, clicking and dragging the circles will cause them to follow the mouse.
* When the user drags a circle or changes the year, the movement of the circles causes them to overlap and move a lot. Once the transition/drag is complete, the circles should "settle down" after a few seconds.
